hello my name is Bailey this question is
for Chris what was high school like for
you
well it was the 1980s so the music was
different the hairstyle was different
the clothes we wore were different than
today but probably in five or 10 years
it'll be the same and in in school I was
just like you probably all of you there
I tried my best I didn't always succeed
didn't always do well but I put my best
effort into school math and science were
kind of my favorite subject I didn't
really like English in reading too much
but I've since grown out of that and I
enjoy reading now and I played a lot of
sports and all of that happened at a
little town called York Maine across the
United States from where we're talking
to you right now hello my name is
steve-o and I'm a teacher here at
Riverside prep I'd like to ask you about
the stress associated with long periods
in the space station I'd like to ask
Karen what is the training that you get
to cope with that stress and related
psychological issues
well first psychological issues actually
when we're when we are selected as
astronauts we go through quite a quite a
vigorous psychological screening process
you certainly don't want somebody who
can who comes up here and it has a
breakdown or is claustrophobic but also
we have well like Chris's background as
a Navy SEAL and Lucas background as a
test pilot clearly prepare them for
high-stress situations I could also
argue that going through your the
process of getting a PhD can be a high
stress high stress thing as well and so
generally when people get to the point
where these they're applying for these
this job they've been through several
things in their life that are
high-stress and have proven that it that
they can handle it and that they can get
through it and then also once we start
as an astronaut for me who did not have
a flying background or have the military
background where maybe I had was put
under some of that some of that stress
in a very critical situation we started
flying t-38 that
aircraft that we fly in the astronaut
office and for me that was very good
training because your life is on the
line if you do something really silly or
stupid in the airplane and so so you you
really learn to work under a stressful
situation and I think that's very
important when you're living up here hi
my name is